hi I'm Dan I want a successful fitness
consultancy in London I've also been a
trainer for 10 years outside of London
I've worked in Sydney New York and rio
de janeiro I work with actors models and
here today to use and fitness tips in
this video I'm going to talk to you
about how to gain weight if you've got
fast metabolism now if you've got fast
metabolism you looking to gain weight
you're probably quite skinny you've got
to do two things you got to train very
hard with heavy weights and you're going
to eat a lot of food let's talk about
the food part first now when we're doing
weights a lot of talk about protein
protein protein however it's really
important to have a high-carbohydrate
diet this essentially made 'basic
simplistic level pushes the protein into
the muscles you can't get bigger just by
eating protein alone at on high
carbohydrate and the high protein diet
so whatever you're doing now add an
extra pairs of calories to your diet and
it should help you next the training you
have to do compound lifting compound
lifts image working more than one muscle
group that time so rather than a bicep
curl and then the row do a pull up pull
ups work your arms and your back at the
same time it's much harder technically
speaking you you activate more muscle
fibers so they break down and they build
up stronger and harder so do compound
lifting also look at your rep range if
you're doing reps I've around about 20
or 30 reps it's endurance you're not
actually going to get bigger and
stronger you need to actually have less
reps go get a weight which is heavy
enough that you can only do it round
about eight nine ten times maximum and
finally split your body parts are so one
day to upper body next I do lower body
or you could do chest and tri's one day
back and bi's next day Alexa third day
and actually various kind of body
building style models you can you can
use again to get results
so to recap need to eat a lot
particularly carbohydrates and protein
you need to train heavyweights working
the big muscles you know the squats pull
ups and dips the deadlift to bit with
big muscle groups do this and you will
definitely gain way to get bigger even
if you do have a fast metabolism